---
layout: post
title: Why Web Development
---
Why did I choose to become a web developer? I guess I have to give you some background information before I tell you that. I grew up in a very sports minded family. Hey, there is nothing wrong with that at all! You may be asking yourself what about education? It seems like "Jocks" or sports minded people get a bad stigma sometimes. No, education was also very important, actually more important than sports. Both of my parents worked at the local high school. My dad was a social studies teacher and coach. While my mom was head secretary and in charge of the scheduling. I was a very good student in high school and through college.

I went to college at the University of Minnesota Duluth. There I got a degree in sociology and a minor in history. I was planning on following in my dad's footsteps and becoming a teacher and coach. The thing that made me change my mind was sports. In college I also played football. I had a very successful career and was lucky enough to get some NFL tryouts after college. I spent around six years working out and giving it my all to try and make it into the NFL. I was never able to sign with a team unfortunately. During this time I was working as a personal trainer or strength coach for younger athletes at a sports training facility. I needed to have flexible hours so I could travel to tryouts regularly.

When I was done trying out for NFL teams, I was left at a crossroads and wanted to more of a stable career. This mad me think deep and try to see what I was passionate about. I tried substitute teaching to see if I wanted to do that. I thought about going back to school to become a becoming a physical therapist. I came up with many different options and also tried many others but none seem to really stick. Then I was talking to my cousin who works in web development and I started to ask him questions. I was very interested in the ability to build things on the web. He suggested I try some free websites and see if I liked to learn code. Turned out I loved it. Yes, it can be challenging but also very rewarding! I then decided to enroll in a bootcamp. I need to find one online because my personal training hours were hard to work with at this time. I eventually found Bloc.io and it made my passion for web development grow even more. I could go on about Bloc.io and web development but that will be for later posts.

It's funny how things can lead you to certain things. I now know what my passions are and can't wait to pursue them even more! There is no limit to what you can do when you are passionate about something. 
